Module 13: Lightning Labs - 5 Lessons
13.1 Lightning Labs Introduction
Welcome to the **KodeKloud CKAD Lightning Labs**! This section has been created to give you hands-on practice in solving relatively complex questions in a short period of time. This environment is valid for 60 minutes; challenge yourself and try to complete all 5-6 questions within 30 minutes. You can toggle between the questions, but make sure that you click on END EXAM before the timer runs out. To pass, you need to secure 80%. Good Luck!!! Disclaimer:

Please note that this exam is not a replica of the actual exam
Please note that the questions in these exams are not the same as in the actual exam
Please note that the interface is not the same as in the actual exam
Please note that the scoring system may not be the same as in the actual exam
Please note that the difficulty level may not be the same as in the actual exam
13.2 Lightning Lab - 1
13.3 Solution: Lightning Lab 1 22:03
13.4 Lightning Lab - 2
13.5 Solution: Lightning Lab 2 14:39

Mock Exams - 6 Lessons


6.1 Mock Exam Introduction
Note: These tests are in beta/experimental phase as of now. Please report any issues/concerns through the slack channel or Q&A section.

These exams were built to give you a real exam-like feel in terms of your ability to read and interpret a given question, validate your own work, manage time to complete given tasks within the given time, and see where you went wrong. Having said that: 1. Please note that this exam is not a replica of the actual exam.

Please note that the questions in these exams are not the same as in the actual exam
Please note that the interface is not the same as in the actual exam
Please note that the scoring system may not be the same as in the actual exam
Please note that the difficulty level may not be the same as in the actual exam
This is the first of its kind. More on the way
6.2 Mock Exam - 1
6.3 Mock Exam - 1 - Solution 19:57
6.4 Mock Exam - 2
6.5 Mock Exam - 2 - Solution 17:50

